Tell me the funniest joke you know
Obamas presidency
joke
Obama being elected into the white house.
say a joke?
Who was the first liberal Democrat? Christopher Columbus. He left not knowing where he was going, got there not knowing where he was, left not knowing where he'd been and did it all on borrowed money.
say a joke
How do you confuse a Liberal?,You don't. They're born that way.
the jokes
How many Democrats does it take to change a light bulb?,None. They prefer to walk in the dark.
tell me a joke now
What do you call a basement full of liberals? A whine cellar.
Tell me a joke right now
Today, it was so cold, I saw a liberal with his hands in his own pockets.
can you tell me a joke
'nasa recently sent a number of holsteins into orbit for experimental purposes,they called it the herd shot round the world. '
ROTFL
What is Hillary Clinton's favorite breakfast cereal?,Subtle Trix.
Tell me another joke
Two eskimos in a kayak were chilly, so they started a fire, which sank the craft,proving the old adage you can't have your kayak and heat it too.
Tell me a joke
A 3-legged dog walks into an old west saloon, slides up to the bar and announces,"I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
Tell me another joke
What did Obama do when a ship from outer space landed on Earth? Give the aliens legal status as citizens.
Tell me a joke
How did Hillary Clinton lose the 2016 presidential election?,She was Trumped.
Tell me a joke
What causes road rage among liberals? When the street light doesn't go green.
you make me laugh
Guns make liberals triggered.
Tell me a joke
What is the difference between Barack Obama and a vampire? Well at least a vampire eventually stops sucking.
hilarous
What do liberals and businesses have in common? They're both owned by Donald Trump. HAHAHA
youre funny
Knock, knock! Who's there? Bernie. Bernie who? Yep! You said it right!
funny joke
Knock, knock! Who's there? Irate. Irate who? Irate the Obama administration a zero out of ten!
another joke
What is the difference between a liberal and a gun? A gun has only one trigger.
Tell me a joke
Why did Bernie Sanders become a socialist? Because he didn't want anyone else to be a millionaire.
me a joke
What is the difference between a liberal and a puppy? A puppy stops whining after it grows up.
what is humour?
Liberals crying