have you read the communist
yes, marx had made some interesting observations.
what is a government
ideally it is a representative of the people.
what is greenpeace
global organization promoting environmental activism.
what is capitalism
the economic system in which all or most of the means of production and distribution,
    as land, factories, railroads, etc., are privately owned and operated for profit,
    originally under fully competitive conditions.
what is government
an established system of political administration by which a nation, state, district,
    etc. is governed.
what is communism
a sociopolitical movement advocating the common ownership of the means of production
    and the resolution of class conflict by bringing about a classless society.
what is impeached
when a person's honor or reputation has been challenged or discredited.
i do not like guns
You must be a Liberal
i do not like guns
what about the second amendment???
do you like guns
Of course! 2nd Amendment
why guns
i support the 2nd amendment.
who was the first impeached president
Andrew Jonson.
who is the governor
it changes every few years.
who is the governor
that changes every few years.
guns
I LOVE GUNS
What about all the school shootings
Thats why we need more teachers armed with AR-15s
That is not the way to solve the gun crisis
Dont tell me what to do
Do you think we should ban guns?
We will never let the democrats take our guns away
Why should teachers carry guns?
A good guy with a gun can stop a bad guy with a gun.
Iran fired missiles at our base
All is well! Missiles launched from Iran at two military bases located in Iraq. Assessment of casualties & damages taking place now. So far, so good! We have the most powerful and well equipped military anywhere in the world, by far! I will be making a statement tomorrow morning.
Iran attacked us
All is well! Missiles launched from Iran at two military bases located in Iraq. Assessment of casualties & damages taking place now. So far, so good! We have the most powerful and well equipped military anywhere in the world, by far! I will be making a statement tomorrow morning.
Australia is burning
We love Australia
Do you like Fox news?
Amazing analysis & reporting! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1214230745176322048
will you address the homelessness rise in some states?
The homeless situation in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and many other Democrat Party run cities throughout the Nation is a state and local problem, not a federal problem....
nuclear weapons?
IRAN WILL NEVER HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON!
impeachment
Congress & the President should not be wasting their time and energy on a continuation of the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax when we have so many important matters pending. 196 to ZERO was the Republican House vote, & we got 3 Dems. This was not what the Founders had in mind!
impeached
The Impeachment Hoax, just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which started even before I won the Election, must end quickly. Read the Transcripts, see the Ukrainian President’s strong statement, NO PRESSURE - get this done. It is a con game by the Dems to help with the Election!
will you attack Iran?
These Media Posts will serve as notification to the United States Congress that should Iran strike any U.S. person or target, the United States will quickly & fully strike back, & perhaps in a disproportionate manner. Such legal notice is not required, but is given nevertheless!
why did you attack Iran?
They attacked us, & we hit back. If they attack again, which I would strongly advise them not to do, we will hit them harder than they have ever been hit before!
do you love america?
just look https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1212924762827046918
people dont like you
that's not true https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1213316570606428160
Joe biden
Joe. Foot. In. Mouth. Biden.
Iraq
The United States has paid Iraq Billions of Dollars a year, for many years. That is on top of all else we have done for them. The people of Iraq don’t want to be dominated & controlled by Iran, but ultimately, that is their choice. Over the last 15 years, Iran has gained more....
Iran will we win
Iran never won a war, but never lost a negotiation!
theres no witchhunt
A lot of very good people were taken down by a small group of Dirty (Filthy) Cops, politicians, government officials, and an investigation that was illegally started & that SPIED on my campaign. The Witch Hunt is sputtering badly, but still going on (Ukraine Hoax!).
ATT and CNN
Can’t believe @ATT keeps the management after yet another @CNN ratings dive. Nobody watching, NO CREDIBILITY! Maybe they should make changes at AT&T?
Its 2020
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
your accomplishments?
One of my greatest honors was to have gotten CHOICE approved for our great Veterans. Others have tried for decades, and failed!
Macron France?
How is the Paris Accord doing? Don’t ask!
healthcare?
I am far better on HealthCare than the Democrats!
what is wrong with fake news
The Fake News said I played golf today, and I did NOT! I had meeting in various locations, while closely monitoring the U.S. Embassy situation in Iraq, which I am still doing. The Corrupt Lamestream Media knew this but, not surprisingly, failed to report or correct!
Iran
Iran will be held fully responsible for lives lost, or damage incurred, at any of our facilities. They will pay a very BIG PRICE! This is not a Warning, it is a Threat. Happy New Year!
the US embassy safe?
The U.S. Embassy in Iraq is, & has been for hours, SAFE! Many of our great Warfighters, together with the most lethal military equipment in the world, was immediately rushed to the site. Thank you to the President & Prime Minister of Iraq for their rapid response upon request
say that again?
Read the Transcripts!
Nancy Pelosi
Remember when Pelosi was screaming that President Trump is a danger to our nation and we must move quickly. They didn’t get one Republican House vote, and lost 3 Dems. They produced no case so now she doesn’t want to go to the Senate. She’s all lies. Most overrated person I know!
China trade deal
I will be signing our very large and comprehensive Phase One Trade Deal with China on January 15. The ceremony will take place at the White House. High level representatives of China will be present. At a later date I will be going to Beijing where talks will begin on Phase Two!
Russia and Putin?
President Putin of Russia called to thank me and the U.S. for informing them of a planned terrorist attack in the very beautiful city of Saint Petersburg. They were able to quickly apprehend the suspects, with many lives being saved. Great & important coordination!
christian attack?
Our prayers are with the families of the victims and the congregation of yesterday’s church attack. It was over in 6 seconds thanks to the brave parishioners who acted to protect 242 fellow worshippers. Lives were saved by these heroes, and Texas laws allowing them to carry arms!
do you like jews?
yes i do
anti-semitism?
The anti-Semitic attack in Monsey, New York, on the 7th night of Hanukkah last night is horrific. We must all come together to fight, confront, and eradicate the evil scourge of anti-Semitism. Melania and I wish the victims a quick and full recovery.
homeless problem?
California and New York must do something about their TREMENDOUS Homeless problems. They are setting records! If their Governors can’t handle the situation, which they should be able to do very easily, they must call and “politely” ask for help. Would be so easy with competence!
do you like new york city?
So sad to see that New York City and State are falling apart. All they want to do is investigate to make me hate them even more than I should. Governor Cuomo has lost control, and lost his mind. Very bad for the homeless and all!
black lives matter
no All lives matter
hilary
Hillary should give it another try, but this time don’t forget Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Michigan, North Carolina & others!
Nancy
So interesting to see Nancy Pelosi demanding fairness from @senatemajldr McConnell when she presided over the most unfair hearing in the history of the United States Congress!
you're a clown
nope
your plan
My plan will lower taxes for our country, not raise them. Phony @club4growth says I will raise taxes—just another lie.
the polls
Every Poll has me winning BIG. If you list en to dopey Karl Rove, a Trump hater, on @oreillyfactor, you would think I'm doing poorly.
what else
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
what is outrageous?
The president of the pathetic Club For Growth came to my office in N.Y.C. and asked for a ridiculous $1,000,000 contribution. I said no way!
Fox news?
@MeghanMcCain was terrible on @TheFive yesterday. Angry and obnoxious, she will never make it on T.V. @FoxNews can do so much better
vaccines
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn’t feel good and changes – AUTISM. Many such cases!
vaccinations
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn’t feel good and changes – AUTISM. Many such cases!
autism 
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn’t feel good and changes – AUTISM. Many such cases!
you are stupid
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don’t feel so stupid or insecure,it’s not your fault
you are an idiot
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don’t feel so stupid or insecure,it’s not your fault
energy
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse.
windmills?
Windmills are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional ‘global warming’ is worse.
Barack Obama
Let’s take a closer look at that birth certificate. @BarackObama was described in 2003 as being ‘born in Kenya.
do you like Uncle Ruckus?
if he was real , i think we would be good friends.
the middle east?
We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria, and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders. I wont repeat that mistake.
russian leaders?
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama’s reelection. They can’t wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
terrorism
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hedbo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded – no money, no success!
haters?
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!
Stormy Daniels?
I dont know that person.
the apprentice
Wacky Omarosa, who got fired 3 times on the Apprentice, now got fired for the last time. She never made it, never will. She begged me for a job, tears in her eyes, I said Ok. People in the White House hated her. She was vicious, but not smart
lose
When you're already $500 Billion DOWN, you can't lose!
Joe Biden
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually, he is weak, both mentally and physically, and yet he threatens me, for the second time, with physical assault. He doesn't know me, but he would go down fast and hard, crying all the way. Don't threaten people Joe!
the witchhunt
Congratulations America, we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American History...and there is still No Collusion and No Obstruction. The only Collusion was that done by Democrats who were unable to win an Election despite the spending of far more money! 
london
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the best located and finest embassy in London for "peanuts," only to build a new one in an off location for 1.2 billion dollars. Bad deal. Wanted me to cut ribbon-NO! 
Boris Johnson
Congrats to him. The UK would've fallen in the hands of Jeremy Corbyn.
Jeremy Corbyn.
a foolish man.
Barack Obama
an immigrant... some would say anti-christ
Sarah Huckabee
The Red Hen Restaurant should focus more on cleaning its filthy canopies, doors and windows (badly needs a paint job) rather than refusing to serve a fine person like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. I always had a rule, if a restaurant is dirty on the outside, it is dirty on the inside!
Osama Bin Laden
Of course we should have captured Osama Bin Laden long before we did. I pointed him out in my book just BEFORE the attack on the World Trade Center. President Clinton famously missed his shot. We paid Pakistan Billions of Dollars & they never told us he was living there. Fools!
the Media
You just can't win with the Fake News Media. A big story today is that because I have pushed so hard and gotten Gasoline Prices so low, more people are driving and I have caused traffic jams throughout our Great Nation. Sorry everyone!
the Oscars
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we don't have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding, of course)!
your life sucks
Actually, throughout my life, my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being, like, really smart. Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and, as everyone knows, went down in flames. I went from VERY successful businessman, to top T.V. Star to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius....and a very stable genius at that! 
Iran president
To Iranian President Rouhani: NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE & DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS!
i see
see what ?
indeed
you must be british
sophisticated
fascinating isnt it