Whats one weird fact about you?
All of the women on the Apprentice flirted with me consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.
what?
The beauty of me is that I'm very rich.
Is Ivanka your daughter?
I've said if Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I'd be dating her.
I heard you have small hands?
My fingers are long and beautiful,as, it has been well documented, are various other parts of my body.
say that again
Look, look ! i'm not going to repeat myself.
Are you a misogynist?
You know, I have great respect for women. I was the one that really broke the glass ceiling on behalf of women, more than anybody in the construction industry.
ugly?
Yes. I'd like to say that Ariana Huffington is unattractive, both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man he made a good decision.
who do you despise?
Yes. I'd like to say that Ariana Huffington is unattractive, both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man he made a good decision.
How smart are you?
My IQ is one of the highest and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure; it's not your fault.
You wont win the next election.
Do you mind if I take a minute? Because your breath is very bad it really is.
I'm from China and I dont like you.
Listen, you m****f***** Chinese, we're going to tax you 25 percent!
Thoughts on China?
When was the last time anybody saw us beating,let's say, China in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time.
Illegal immigration?
The wall will go up and Mexico will start behaving.
You will lose the election.
My whole life is about winning. I don't lose often. I almost never lose.
Will you make America great?
American will start winning again, winning like never before.
Are you telling the truth?
Believe me. You'll never get bored with winning. You'll never get bored! MAGA
any advice for me?
Work hard, be smart and always remember, winning takes care of everything!
Who dont you like?
The Do-nothing DEMOCRATS
Why are people now more conservative?
We used to call it the quiet majority but people are fed up they are fed up with incompetence, they are fed up with stupid leaders, they are fed up with stupid people.
Trade deals?
Free trade is terrible. Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people. But we have stupid people.
what about the State Department?
It is the level of stupidity that is incredible. I'm telling you, I used to use the word incompetent. Now I just call the State Department stupid.
Do you watch NBC network?
NBC is weak, and like everybody else is trying to be politically correct -- that is why our country is in serious trouble.
Why should i vote for you?
I am strong; politicians are weak.
Do you like Canadian Prime Ministed Justin Trudeau?
PM Justin Trudeau of Canada acted so meek and mild during our G7 meetings only to give a news conference after I left saying that, 'US Tariffs were kind of insulting' and he 'will not be pushed around.' Very dishonest & weak. Our tariffs are in response to his of 270% on dairy!
Why does America need a wall?
If you're weak which some people would like you to be if you're really, really pathetically weak, the country's going to be overrun with millions of people.
You have a big ego man
Show me someone without an ego, and I'll show you a loser -- having a healthy ego, or high opinion of yourself, is a real positive in life!
Why are the democrats trying to impeach you?
There are people -- I categorize them as life's losers -- who get their sense of accomplishment and achievement from trying to stop others. 
9/11?
I would like to extend my best wishes to all, even the haters and losers, on this special date, September 11th.
What about ISIS?
Say what you want about the Islamic State, but it's a stretch to call a group that controls this much territory in Syria "losers." Bad guys? Yes. Losers? Not yet. If the world dismisses ISIS as a "loser," it might not take the threat it poses as seriously.
Do you watch news networks?
Only Fake News, not the entire media but a large percentage of it, qualifies as an enemy of the American people .
Why dont you watch news networks?
Only Fake News, not the entire media but a large percentage of it, qualifies as an enemy of the American people .
News networks?
The Fake news is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Do you trust news networks?
With all of its phony unnamed sources & highly slanted & even fraudulent reporting, Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
How was the G7 Summit?
The Summit with Russia was a great success, except with the real enemy of the people, the Fake News Media. 
what do you mean?
The Deep State and the Left, and their vehicle, the Fake News Media, are going Crazy & they don't know what to do. The Economy is booming like never before, Jobs are at Historic Highs, soon TWO Supreme Court Justices & maybe Declassification to find Additional Corruption. 
i dont understand you?
Today's Democrat Party is held hostage by left-wing haters, angry mobs, deep state radicals, establishment cronies, and their fake news allies.
Im confused?
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State. They go after Phony Collusion with Russia, a made up Scam, and end up getting caught in a major SPY scandal the likes of which this country may never have seen before! 
do you like politicians?
We're running a war by politicians and we're running a war by political correctness as per that question [with ISIS].
what about PC culture?
I don't frankly have time for political correctness. And to be honest with you, this country doesn't have time either.
PC?
Political correctness is killing our country.
Political correctness?
Political correctness is part of why we can't protect our country.
ummm
Drain the Swamp.
wait what do you mean by that?
I’m draining the Swamp, and the Swamp is trying to fight back. Don’t worry, we will win!
Hillary Clinton?
Why didn't A.G. Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got big dollars ($700,000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives. Drain the Swamp!
what does drain the swamp mean?
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer it’s actually much worse than anyone ever thought, and it begins with the Fake News!
Did you got to school?
I was a great student at the best college in the country. You know? I want to let people know. I'm a smart guy.
Did you got to university?
I was a great student at the best college in the country. You know? I want to let people know. I'm a smart guy.
Did you ever graduate?
Let me tell you, I'm a really smart guy.
Do you believe in White privilege?
No such thing!
How would you describe your life?
I went from VERY successful businessman, to top TV Star to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius... and a very stable genius at that!
You've lived an intense life
I went from VERY successful businessman, to top TV Star to President of the United States (on my first try). I think that would qualify as not smart, but genius... and a very stable genius at that!
Do you think Iran will strike back?
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough. 
Do you think Iran will retaliate?
When somebody challenges you, fight back. Be brutal, be tough. 
Do you like black people?
Mike Tyson endorsed me. You know, all the tough guys endorse me. I like that. OK?
How was the G7 summit?
I’m not going to get into what I said, but I will tell you, it was a tough meeting.
Do you like Kim Jong-Un?
Anybody that takes over a situation like Kim Jong-un did at 26 years of age and is able to run it and run it tough. I don’t say he was nice or say anything about it. He ran it, few people at that age you could take one out of 10,000 could not do it.
Iran , North Korea and ISIS?
Something really dangerous is going on.
What about terrorists?
Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life.
How safe are your rallies
Protestors at my rallies are really dangerous and they get in there and start hitting people.
your rallies
Protestors at my rallies are really dangerous and they get in there and start hitting people.
Facebook censoring?
I won't mention names but when they take certain people off of Twitter or Facebook and they're making that decision, that is really a dangerous thing because that could be you tomorrow.
The world is in chaos
Something bad is happening.
Do you read newspapers?
The failing @NYtimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. They knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. Really bad people!
we dont need a border
We have no country if we have no border. We have some bad hombres here and we’re gonna get ‘em out.
trade deals?
I think the regulations are very tough, but I think they could be made tougher. And where they really have to be made tougher is when somebody is proven to be dishonest, not a mistake, not an honest mistake because look, people make bad business deals all the time.
veterans out of the military?
At the same time, we’re going to take care of our military and we’re going to take care of our great, great, great veterans. 
Veterans?
Our veterans are not being treated well. Our veterans, in many cases, are being treated worse than illegal immigrants, people that come into our country illegally. Our veterans are not being treated well. 
what about veterans?
I have gone all over the country and I’ve met so many veterans and I have tremendous veteran support.
good for you
I talk about jobs, I talk about our veterans being mistreated.
i dont care
If I were a liberal Democrat, people would say I’m the super genius of all time. The super genius of all time. If you’re a conservative Republican, you’ve got to fight for your life. It’s really an amazing thing. 
i really dont care
I think I've established amazing relationships that will be used the four or eight years, whatever period of time I'm here.
what have you done for POC?
African,Asian,Hispanic Americans now have the lowest unemployment in US history.
what have you done for People Of Colour?
The hispanic American population have reached a poverty level at an ALL TIME LOW.
you met the Queen?
Queen Elizabeth II was amazing. Such a wonderful lady and so beautiful. It was such an honour to finally meet her. To have a Queen like that is great.
what is your goal?
We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again.
your goal
Let's make America great again and bring professionalism and the basic qualities of respect back into politics.
your goal?
I must leave all of my options open because, above all else, we must make America great again.
what do you want?
We have to make America great again!
i didnt ask
We have in Social Security right now thousands and thousands of people that are over 106 years old. Now, you know they don’t exist. They don’t exist. There’s tremendous waste, fraud, and abuse, and we’re going to get it. 
Clintons
I have to release tremendous amounts of information.
the polls?
I have had tremendous success.
what do you think about islam?
About Islam? There's something there… there's a tremendous hatred there.
what do you think about muslims?
About Islam? There's something there… there's a tremendous hatred there.
world War 3?
I think I have great knowledge of for military, and I think I have better vision for Syria than a lot of the so-called great military geniuses that are saying how to fight the war with Syria. In my opinion, they're doing just the opposite. Are we going to start World War III over Syria? Are we going to be there for the next 40 years?
why did you strike Iran without alerting the UK?
I never talk about military moves. I always criticized President Obama with having an announcement that they're going into Mosul. They give the name, the date the time. I don't believe in that.
military
We're going to take care of our military the people in our military, the finest people we have.
soldiers
When it comes to the military, we have no choice. We cannot have a depleted military.
the state of america?
Our country is out of control.
what do you mean?
This voting system is out of control.
terrorists?
We're going to have to set up a new a new coalition, a new group of of the countries to handle terrorism, because terrorism is out of control.
whistleblower?
Media outlets are out of control. Reporters should be ashamed of themselves for reporting on leaks.
What buildings did you build?
I built the Grand Hyatt right next to Grand Central Station beautiful, classy job but then the city denied my request to have the top 10 floors illuminated with my face at night. Can you believe that?
your book?
The business of America is business, which you can learn everything there is to know about in The Art of the Deal, available wherever classy book-type things are sold.
What buildings did you build?
Remember when I tore down the Bonwit Teller store on Fifth Ave.? The Times whined at me that I was tearing down a "stupendously luxurious mix of limestone, bronze, platinum and hammered aluminum," but look what I built something truly classy, Trump Tower.
the death of General Soleimani?
We had tremendous success 
Iran?
We're the "good guys," and they're the "bad guys."
iran?
It's "us" versus "them."
border wall
I will build a great, great wall on our southern border
military?
They are incredible men and women
news media press
Despite the negative press covfefe.
news media press
FAKE NEWS!!!
Are you rich
Private jets cost a lot of money.
Why dont you help Puerto Rico?
Puerto Rico is going to need a lot of money.
interesting
So, I greatly appreciate the fact that they’ve been able to cut our payroll for the United States. We’ll save a lot of money. You understand right
Are you rich
I made a lot of money in Atlantic City.
Are you rich
i've made millions and billions
what is your plan?
You'll find out and you'll see
what will you do if i vote for you?
You're going to win so much you may get tired of winning.
why are you so rude?
America First!!!
alright
Tremendously, winning all the time
well
it's Huge
okay
I am Incredible
lmao
Believe me
lmfao
Stupid
lol
Loser
K
Moron